[Security Solution Gen AI]Docs for prompts and anonymization fields (#5704)
elastic/security-docs: docs/AI-for-security/api/bulk-actions-anonymization-fields-api.asciidoc

[source,json]
--------------------------------------------------
{
  "success": true,
  "anonymization_fields_count": 2,
  "attributes": {
    "results": {
      "updated": [],
      "created": [
        {
          "timestamp": "2024-08-13T20:54:23.125Z",
          "createdAt": "2024-08-13T20:54:23.125Z",
          "field": "agent.type",
          "allowed": true,
          "anonymized": false,
          "updatedAt": "2024-08-13T20:54:23.125Z",
          "id": "cB2FTZEBYaDeA-NhPHqW"
        },
        {
          "timestamp": "2024-08-13T20:54:23.125Z",
          "createdAt": "2024-08-13T20:54:23.125Z",
          "field": "agent.name",
          "allowed": true,
          "anonymized": true,
          "updatedAt": "2024-08-13T20:54:23.125Z",
          "id": "cR2FTZEBYaDeA-NhPHqW"
        }
      ],
      "deleted": [],
      "skipped": []
    },
    "summary": {
      "failed": 0,
      "succeeded": 2,
      "skipped": 0,
      "total": 2
    }
  }
}
--------------------------------------------------

*Example 2: Partial failure*

The following request:

> * deletes the anonymization field with the ID value of `cR2FTZEBYaDeA-NhPHqW`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* deletes the anonymization field with the ID value of `cR2FTZEBYaDeA-NhPHqW`
```

[[bulk-actions-anonymization-fields-api]]
=== Bulk anonymization fields actions

Applies a bulk action to multiple anonymization fields. The bulk action is applied to all anonymization fields that match the filter or to the list of anonymization fields by their IDs.

[discrete]
===== Request URL

`POST  <kibana host>:<port>/api/security_ai_assistant/anonymization_fields/_bulk_action`

[discrete]
===== Request body

A JSON object with the following properties:

[width="100%",options="header"]
|==============================================
|Name |Type |Description |Required
| `create` | <<bulk-create-anonymization-fields-schema, BulkCreateAction[]>> |  Array of anonymization fields objects to create. | No

> | `delete` | String[] |  Array of anonymization fields IDs to which a bulk action will be applied. | No

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `delete` | String[] |  Array of IDs of the anonymization fields to delete. | No
```

> | `update` | <<bulk-update-anonymization-fields-schema, BulkUpdateAction[]>> |  Array of anonymization fields objects with the fields to update. | No

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `update` | <<bulk-update-anonymization-fields-schema, BulkUpdateAction[]>> |  Array of anonymization field objects with the fields to update. | No
```

|==============================================

[[bulk-create-anonymization-fields-schema]]
[discrete]
==== BulkCreateAction object

[width="100%",options="header"]
|==============================================
|Name |Type |Description |Required

> |`field` |String |Field name in the document which will be send to LLM. |Yes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`field` |String |A field's name. |Yes
```
If I understand correctly, fields may not get sent to the LLM, depending on the `allowed` value. Updated suggestion here accordingly

> |`allowed` |Boolean |Identify if the field should be included to the list of the fields which will be send to LLM. |Yes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`allowed` |Boolean |Defines whether the field will get sent to the LLM. |Yes
```

> |`anonymized` |Boolean |Defines whether the field will be anonymized if sent to the LLM. Defaults to `false` |Yes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`anonymized` |Boolean |Defines whether the field will be anonymized if sent to the LLM. Defaults to `false`. |Yes
```

> |`anonymized` |Boolean |Indentify if the field should be anonymized. By default is `false` |Yes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`anonymized` |Boolean |Defines whether the field will be anonymized if sent to the LLM. Defaults to `false` |Yes
```

|==============================================

[discrete]
[[bulk-update-anonymization-fields-schema]]

> ===== `BulkUpdateAction` schema

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
==== BulkUpdateAction object
```

[width="100%",options="header"]
|==============================================
|Name |Type |Description |Required

> 

Reviewer 2: Should there be an `id` field defined here? In the example 2 request, the `BulkUpdateAction` objects have `id` fields:

```
  "update": [
    {
      "id": "lh12SZEBYaDeA-NhmkwG",
      "allowed": false
    },
    {
      "id": "lR12SZEBYaDeA-NhmkwG",
      "anonymized": true
    }
  ]
```

> |`allowed` |Boolean |Identify if the field should be included to the list of the fields which will be send to LLM. |No

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`allowed` |Boolean |Defines whether the field will get sent to the LLM.  |No
```

> |`anonymized` |Boolean |Defines whether the field will be anonymized if sent to the LLM. Defaults to `false`  |No

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`anonymized` |Boolean |Defines whether the field will be anonymized if sent to the LLM. Defaults to `false`.  |No
```

> |`anonymized` |Boolean |Indentify if the field should be anonymized. By default is `false` |No

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`anonymized` |Boolean |Defines whether the field will be anonymized if sent to the LLM. Defaults to `false`  |No
```

|==============================================

[discrete]
===== Example requests

*Example 1*

> The following request creates 2 anonymization fields:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following request creates two anonymization fields:
```

> The following request create 2 anonymization fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following request creates 2 anonymization fields:
```

[source,console]
--------------------------------------------------
POST api/security_ai_assistant/anonymization_fields/_bulk_action

> {
>    "create":[
>       {
>          "field":"agent.type",
>          "allowed":true,
>          "anonymized":false
>       },
>       {
>          "field":"agent.name",
>          "allowed":true,
>          "anonymized":true
>       }
>    ],
> }
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{
  "create": [
    {
      "field": "agent.type",
      "allowed": true,
      "anonymized": false
    },
    {
      "field": "agent.name",
      "allowed": true,
      "anonymized": true
    }
  ]
}
```

--------------------------------------------------

[discrete]
===== Response code

`200`::
    Indicates a successful call.

[discrete]
===== Response payload

JSON object containing the action's outcome:

- `attributes.summary.total`: Total number of anonymization fields matching the bulk action
- `attributes.summary.succeeded`: Number of successful outcomes (number of anonymization fields that were created, deleted, or updated)
- `attributes.summary.failed`: Number of failed outcomes
- `attributes.summary.skipped`: Number of anonymization fields that were skipped due to various reasons (explained below)
- `attributes.results.created`: Anonymization field objects that were created during the action's execution
- `attributes.results.updated`: Anonymization field objects that were updated during the action's execution
- `attributes.results.deleted`: Anonymization field objects that were deleted during the action's execution

> - `attributes.results.skipped`: Anonymization field that were skipped during the action's execution

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `attributes.results.skipped`: Anonymization fields that were skipped during the action's execution
```

> An anonymization field can only be `skipped` when the bulk action to be performed on it results in nothing being done. For example, if the `update` action is used to add a field to a prompt that already has that value. Objects returned in `attributes.results.skipped` will only include a prompt's `id`, `name`, and `skip_reason`.

Reviewer 2: Copy-paste mix-up :) Please check if the suggestion is correct (I don't think anonymization fields have a `name` but not sure what field it should be?)
```suggestion
An anonymization field can only be `skipped` when the bulk action to be performed on it results in nothing being done. For example, if the `update` action is used to update a field that already has the specified value. Objects returned in `attributes.results.skipped` will only include an anonymization field's `id`, `name`, and `skip_reason`.
```

> An anonymization field can only be `skipped` when the bulk action to be performed on it results in nothing being done. For example, if the `update` action is used to add a filed to a prompt that already has that value. Objects returned in `attributes.results.skipped` will only include prompts' `id`, `name`, and `skip_reason`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An anonymization field can only be `skipped` when the bulk action to be performed on it results in nothing being done. For example, if the `update` action is used to add a field to a prompt that already has that value. Objects returned in `attributes.results.skipped` will only include a prompt's `id`, `name`, and `skip_reason`.
```

[source,json]
--------------------------------------------------

> {
>     "success": true,
>     "anonymization_fields_count": 2,
>     "attributes": {
>         "results": {
>             "updated": [],
>             "created": [
>                 {
>                     "timestamp": "2024-08-13T20:54:23.125Z",
>                     "createdAt": "2024-08-13T20:54:23.125Z",
>                     "field": "agent.type",
>                     "allowed": true,
>                     "anonymized": false,
>                     "updatedAt": "2024-08-13T20:54:23.125Z",
>                     "id": "cB2FTZEBYaDeA-NhPHqW"
>                 },
>                 {
>                     "timestamp": "2024-08-13T20:54:23.125Z",
>                     "createdAt": "2024-08-13T20:54:23.125Z",
>                     "field": "agent.name",
>                     "allowed": true,
>                     "anonymized": true,
>                     "updatedAt": "2024-08-13T20:54:23.125Z",
>                     "id": "cR2FTZEBYaDeA-NhPHqW"
>                 }
>             ],
>             "deleted": [],
>             "skipped": []
>         },
>         "summary": {
>             "failed": 0,
>             "succeeded": 2,
>             "skipped": 0,
>             "total": 2
>         }
>     }
> }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{
  "success": true,
  "anonymization_fields_count": 2,
  "attributes": {
    "results": {
      "updated": [],
      "created": [
        {
          "timestamp": "2024-08-13T20:54:23.125Z",
          "createdAt": "2024-08-13T20:54:23.125Z",
          "field": "agent.type",
          "allowed": true,
          "anonymized": false,
          "updatedAt": "2024-08-13T20:54:23.125Z",
          "id": "cB2FTZEBYaDeA-NhPHqW"
        },
        {
          "timestamp": "2024-08-13T20:54:23.125Z",
          "createdAt": "2024-08-13T20:54:23.125Z",
          "field": "agent.name",
          "allowed": true,
          "anonymized": true,
          "updatedAt": "2024-08-13T20:54:23.125Z",
          "id": "cR2FTZEBYaDeA-NhPHqW"
        }
      ],
      "deleted": [],
      "skipped": []
    },
    "summary": {
      "failed": 0,
      "succeeded": 2,
      "skipped": 0,
      "total": 2
    }
  }
}
```

*Example 2: Partial failure*

The following request:

* deletes the anonymization field with the ID value of `cR2FTZEBYaDeA-NhPHqW`
* updates the `allowed` value for the anonymization field with the ID of `lh12SZEBYaDeA-NhmkwG`

> * updates the `anonymized` value for the anonymization field with the ID of `lR12SZEBYaDeA-NhmkwG`
> [source,console]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* updates the `anonymized` value for the anonymization field with the ID of `lR12SZEBYaDeA-NhmkwG`

[source,console]
```

> *Example 2, Partial failure*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Example 2: Partial failure*
```

> The following request adds tags `tag-1` and `tag-2` to the rules that have the IDs sent in the payload:

Reviewer: Not sure what rules have to do with this, and I'm not sure the example does what this line says (looks like it deletes an anonymization field entry and updates two others). Please confirm, thanks!

> The following request removes anonymization field that have the ID sent in the payload and updates `allowed` value for the anonymization field with ID "lh12SZEBYaDeA-NhmkwG" and `anonymized` for ID "lR12SZEBYaDeA-NhmkwG":

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following request:
* deletes the anonymization field with the ID value of `cR2FTZEBYaDeA-NhPHqW`
* updates the `allowed` value for the anonymization field with the ID of `lh12SZEBYaDeA-NhmkwG`
* updates the `anonymized` value for the anonymization field with the ID of `lR12SZEBYaDeA-NhmkwG`
```

> {
>   "delete": {
>     ids: [
>       "cR2FTZEBYaDeA-NhPHqW"
>     ]
>   },
>    "update":[
>       {
>          "id":"lh12SZEBYaDeA-NhmkwG",
>          "allowed":false
>       },
>       {
>          "id":"lR12SZEBYaDeA-NhmkwG",
>          "anonymized":true
>       }
>    ]
> }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{
  "delete": {
    "ids": [
      "cR2FTZEBYaDeA-NhPHqW"
    ]
  },
  "update": [
    {
      "id": "lh12SZEBYaDeA-NhmkwG",
      "allowed": false
    },
    {
      "id": "lR12SZEBYaDeA-NhmkwG",
      "anonymized": true
    }
  ]
}
```

--------------------------------------------------

[discrete]
===== Response code

`500`::
    Indicates partial bulk action failure.

[discrete]
===== Response payload

> If processing of any rule fails, a partial error outputs the ID and/or name of the affected rule and the corresponding error, as well as successfully processed rules (in the same format as a successful 200 request).

Reviewer: What does "rules" mean here? I thought this API was about updating field anonymization settings.

Author: copied from there

> If processing of any anonymization field fails, a partial error outputs the ID and/or name of the affected anonymization field and the corresponding error, as well as successfully processed anonymization fields (in the same format as a successful 200 request).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the processing of any anonymization fields fails, the response outputs a partial error, with the ID and/or name of the affected anonymization field and the corresponding error message. The response also includes successfully processed anonymization fields, in the same format as a successful `200` request.
```

> [discrete]
> ==== Example payload
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

[source,json]
--------------------------------------------------

> {
>     "message": "Bulk delete partially failed",
>     "status_code": 500,
>     "attributes": {
>         "errors": [
>             {
>                 "message": "Some error happened here",
>                 "status_code": 500,
>                 "anonymization_fields": [
>                     {
>                         "id": "cR2FTZEBYaDeA-NhPHqW",
>                         "field": "test"
>                     }
>                 ]
>             }
>         ],
>         "results": {
>             "updated": [
>                 {
>                     "timestamp": "2024-08-13T01:59:55.141Z",
>                     "createdAt": "2024-08-13T01:59:55.141Z",
>                     "field": "@timestamp",
>                     "allowed": false,
>                     "anonymized": false,
>                     "updatedAt": "2024-08-13T21:00:37.502Z",
>                     "namespace": "default"
>                 },
>                 {
>                     "timestamp": "2024-08-13T01:59:55.141Z",
>                     "createdAt": "2024-08-13T01:59:55.141Z",
>                     "field": "_id",
>                     "allowed": true,
>                     "anonymized": true,
>                     "updatedAt": "2024-08-13T21:00:37.502Z",
>                     "namespace": "default"
>                 }
>             ],
>             "created": [],
>             "deleted": [],
>             "skipped": [],
>         },
>         "summary": {
>             "failed": 1,
>             "succeeded": 1,
>             "skipped": 0,
>             "total": 2
>         }
>     }
> }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{
  "message": "Bulk delete partially failed",
  "status_code": 500,
  "attributes": {
    "errors": [
      {
        "message": "Some error happened here",
        "status_code": 500,
        "anonymization_fields": [
          {
            "id": "cR2FTZEBYaDeA-NhPHqW",
            "field": "test"
          }
        ]
      }
    ],
    "results": {
      "updated": [
        {
          "timestamp": "2024-08-13T01:59:55.141Z",
          "createdAt": "2024-08-13T01:59:55.141Z",
          "field": "@timestamp",
          "allowed": false,
          "anonymized": false,
          "updatedAt": "2024-08-13T21:00:37.502Z",
          "namespace": "default"
        },
        {
          "timestamp": "2024-08-13T01:59:55.141Z",
          "createdAt": "2024-08-13T01:59:55.141Z",
          "field": "_id",
          "allowed": true,
          "anonymized": true,
          "updatedAt": "2024-08-13T21:00:37.502Z",
          "namespace": "default"
        }
      ],
      "created": [],
      "deleted": [],
      "skipped": []
    },
    "summary": {
      "failed": 1,
      "succeeded": 1,
      "skipped": 0,
      "total": 2
    }
  }
}
```
